### Alternate Magic Systems

- While the Weave is the most common source of magic in Elrune, there are other systems and sources of magic that exist.
- Those who practice these alternate systems are often viewed with suspicion or outright hostility by those who follow the Weave.
- Some of these alternate systems include:
- Blood Magic: A dark and forbidden form of magic that involves using the life force of living beings to fuel powerful spells. Practitioners of blood magic are often shunned or hunted by mainstream society.
- Rune Magic: A form of magic that involves inscribing magical symbols or runes onto objects, talismans, or even the body itself. Rune magic is often used for protection, enchantment, or divination. Many practitioners of the Weave claim rune magic is just an alternate way of manipulating the Weave.
- Chaos Magic: Those seeking power born without an innate ability to manipulate the weave or are unwilling to dedicate themselves to a lifetime of study are often drawn to Chaos Magic. Practitioners of chaos magic pledge their loyalty or engage in bargaining with powerful extraplanar entities in exchange for magical power. Chaos magic is unpredictable and dangerous, leading to the eventual corruption of the user and often leading to unintended consequences.
- Nature Magic: A form of magic that draws power from the natural world, and the Spirit of the Green who exists beyond the Weave and binds all worlds together. Nature magic is often practiced by druids, shamans, and other nature-based cultures. Nature magic is less structured than the Weave and like nature itself follows it's own rules and cycles. Those gifted in nature magic are often able to communicate with animals and plants, and can harness the power of the elements in a more instinctual way. Many practitioners of the Weave view nature magic as primitive or unsophisticated and are often frustrated by the ability of those who wield the forces of nature to instinctually sense and disrupt or manipulate the threads of spells and enchantments woven within the weave.